{Doc} Create versioning and life cycle doc (#24451)
Azure/azure-cli: doc/versioning_and_life_cycle.md

## Versioning

The official Azure CLI follows [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) for version numbering. The CLI version consists of three parts `MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH`:
- MAJOR version will be upgraded only when there is a huge revolution. Generally, this version will not be upgraded.
- MINOR version upgraded for new features with the normal release process. All the feature updates must be forward compatible, the breaking changes can only be published in the breaking change window *(Ignite sprint or Build sprint)*.
- PATCH version upgraded for hotfix with the hotfix release process.

## Life Cycle

### Relase States

Different from the three life cycles [(GA, Preview, Private Preview)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/describe-service-life-cycle-microsoft-365/2-private-public-general-availability) of the Azure Service, CLI only uses two states **GA** and **Preview** to make it easier to understand and easier to maintain.

> - For the GA state, it means that this feature becomes available to all customers with formal support, and those commands have been mature and stable. We must ensure its forward compatibility and will not easily make breaking changes.

Author: Yes, your suggestions are great! Thank you for helping me learn how to write documents more concise and clearly ❤️

    - Commands that are not tagged with `is_preview` flag are considered as GA commands

- For the Preview state, it means that this feature is still in the preview status, which is released before GA release to allow some customers to experience it in advance and collect their feedback. Therefore, these features are unstable and not finalized, the related commands may make breaking changes in the future.
    - The preview commands need to be tagged with [`is_preview`](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cli/blob/dev/doc/authoring_command_modules/authoring_commands.md#preview-commands-and-arguments) flag to let customers aware of these instability.

>     - It is generally recommended to put the preview features into CLI extension first and migrate it to official CLI after they are stable and GA. We can also consider moving some preview features from official CLI to CLI extensions if they are proper for moving.

Author: @chasewilson
> What do we mean migrate to and from an extension?

In fact, I mainly mean that some command groups of Ring 0 modules are usually placed in extension in the preview state. And when they are stable and GA, they will be migrated to the official CLI. Such as: [storage-preview extension](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cli-extensions/tree/main/src/storage-preview)

> If our long term goal is complete modularization, do we want to advertise bringing features into Core or continue to push for all development to be done in extensions?

This is a good question! I personally think that the core modules *(such as Ring 0 modules)* which necessary for most users should be placed in official CLI, and the modules that are relatively independent and not needed for most users or are not stable enough should be placed in CLI extension.

- For the private preview api-version, we generally do not recommend release those private features in official CLI/CLI extension, so as to avoid premature exposure of private features. It is suggested to use [edge build](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cli/blob/dev/doc/try_new_features_before_release.md) to build the private packages to meet the urgent needs of some customers first.

Since the release states of api-version and CLI commands may be inconsistent, we hope that customers only need to pay attention to the release states *(`is_preview` flag)* of the command itself, rather than the api-version used behind it, which will be easier for customers to understand and use it.

## Breaking Changes

### What is a breaking change

> A breaking change is any update to Azure CLI, including official CLI and CLI extensions, that causes a customer's script or automation written in a previous version to fail.

Author: > is it, "official CLI", "CLI Core", or something else. We should try and be consistent.

Yes, I agree. I am accustomed to using the name `official CLI`, so the unified description in the document is `official CLI`. Do you think such a name is appropriate?

> A breaking change is any update to Azure CLI, including official CLI and CLI extensions, that causes a customer's script or automation written in a previous version to fail.

Author: > Do we define a breaking change as something that causes a failure, or something that causes a change in behavior?

Personally, I think `causes a change in behavior` is more accurate. In fact, this sentence means that breaking change may change and break the original behavior in the automation scripts, it quoted from document [breaking change docs](https://eng.ms/docs/cloud-ai-platform/azure-core/azure-management-and-platforms/control-plane-bburns/azure-cli-tools-azure-cli-powershell-and-terraform/azure-cli-tools/teams_docs/azcli_docs/breaking_changes)

> A breaking change is any update to Azure CLI, including official CLI and CLI extensions, that causes a customer's script or automation written in a previous version to fail.

Reviewer: The Azure CLI has two types of commands: `Core` and `extension`.  `Official CLI` would be a new product.

> A breaking change is any update to Azure CLI, including official CLI and CLI extensions, that causes a customer's script or automation written in a previous version to fail.

Author: @dbradish-microsoft OK, I've changed the name from `Official CLI` to `core CLI`

The common examples of breaking changes include:
- Modifying the names of parameters/commands.
- Modifying the input logic of parameters.
- Modifying the format or properties of result output.
- Modifying the current behavior model.
- Adding additional verification that changes CLI behavior.

### When do breaking changes occur
Azure CLI has bi-annual breaking change releases coinciding with Microsoft **Build Event** and **Ignite Event**. Azure CLI usually releases the breaking changes with a unified and centralized manner only in these two breaking change windows, so customers need to plan and migrate deprecated usage for the breaking change windows in advance.

However, there are some special cases that need to be released as soon as possible. In the following cases, it dose not need to wait for the breaking change window to release:
- The critical bugs need hotfix
- The security patch
- If server side has produced a breaking change which is inevitable for users, then CLI side has to adapt it

> ### How to know the breaking changes in advance
> - You can view this document [upcoming-breaking-changes](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/upcoming-breaking-changes) to obtain the upcoming major breaking changes 
> - Please pay attention to the warning message for deprecated commands/parameters in time

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Planning for breaking changes

- You can view our [Upcoming Breaking Changes](https://learn.microsoft.com/cli/azure/upcoming-breaking-changes) doc to view  the upcoming major breaking changes planned for the next breaking change release cycle.
- Azure CLI places in-tool warning messages in relevant commands when breaking changes are planned in the future. Paying attention to these warnings will keep you informed about major changes to a command or feature. 

```

- For the private preview api-version, we generally do not recommend release those private features in official CLI/CLI extension, so as to avoid premature exposure of private features. It is suggested to use [edge build](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cli/blob/dev/doc/try_new_features_before_release.md) to build the private packages to meet the urgent needs of some customers first.

Since the release states of api-version and CLI commands may be inconsistent, we hope that customers only need to pay attention to the release states *(`is_preview` flag)* of the command itself, rather than the api-version used behind it, which will be easier for customers to understand and use it.

## Breaking Changes

### What is a breaking change

A breaking change is any update to Azure CLI, including official CLI and CLI extensions, that causes a customer's script or automation written in a previous version to fail.
Common examples of breaking changes include:
- Modifying names of parameters/commands.
- Modifying input logic of parameters.
- Modifying the format or properties of result output.
- Modifying the current behavior model.
- Adding additional verification that changes CLI behavior.

> ### When do breaking changes occur
> Azure CLI has bi-annual breaking change releases coinciding with Microsoft **Build** and **Ignite** events. Azure CLI **generally** releases the breaking changes **only** in these two breaking change windows. This approach allows customers to maintain stability, especially in automation scenarios, while keeping up-to-date with the latest and most secure versions of Azure CLI. It also allows customers to plan, test, and migrate Azure CLI commands and features properly when breaking changes are released. 

Author: ```suggestion
### When do breaking changes occur

Azure CLI has bi-annual breaking change releases coinciding with Microsoft **Build** and **Ignite** events. Azure CLI **generally** releases the breaking changes **only** in these two breaking change windows. This approach allows customers to maintain stability, especially in automation scenarios, while keeping up-to-date with the latest and most secure versions of Azure CLI. It also allows customers to plan, test, and migrate Azure CLI commands and features properly when breaking changes are released. 
```

    - Commands not tagged with the `is_preview` flag are considered as GA commands

- The **Preview** state means a feature is unstable and not finalized. Preview features are released before GA and allow customers to test, experiment, and provide feedback in advance of the GA release. Preview features should not be used in production environments as they aren't stable or finalized and could have breaking changes with each release up to, and including, the feature's GA release.
    - Preview features and commands need to be tagged with the [is_preview](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cli/blob/dev/doc/authoring_command_modules/authoring_commands.md#preview-commands-and-arguments) flag to let customers know about instability.
    - It is generally recommended to put the preview features into CLI extension first and migrate it to official CLI after they are stable and GA. We can also consider moving some preview features from official CLI to CLI extensions if they are proper for moving.

### States Transition

> #### Preview to GA
> Generally, if the service is stable and the design of the commands will not change, we are confident that these commands will not cause breaking changes in the future, then we can remove the `is_preview` flag and GA those commands.

Author: ```suggestion
#### Preview to GA

Generally, if the service is stable and the design of the commands will not change, we are confident that these commands will not cause breaking changes in the future, then we can remove the `is_preview` flag and GA those commands.
```

- For the private preview api-version, we generally do not recommend release those private features in official CLI/CLI extension, so as to avoid premature exposure of private features. It is suggested to use [edge build](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cli/blob/dev/doc/try_new_features_before_release.md) to build the private packages to meet the urgent needs of some customers first.

Since the release states of api-version and CLI commands may be inconsistent, we hope that customers only need to pay attention to the release states *(`is_preview` flag)* of the command itself, rather than the api-version used behind it, which will be easier for customers to understand and use it.

## Breaking Changes

### What is a breaking change

A breaking change is any update to Azure CLI, including official CLI and CLI extensions, that causes a customer's script or automation written in a previous version to fail.
Common examples of breaking changes include:
- Modifying names of parameters/commands.
- Modifying input logic of parameters.
- Modifying the format or properties of result output.
- Modifying the current behavior model.

> - Adding additional verification that changes CLI behavior.
> ### When do breaking changes occur

Author: ```suggestion
- Adding additional verification that changes CLI behavior.

### When do breaking changes occur
```

## Versioning

The official Azure CLI follows [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) for version numbering. The CLI version consists of three parts `MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH`:
- MAJOR version is upgraded only when there is a huge revolution. Generally in Azure CLI, this version is not upgraded.
- MINOR version is upgraded for new features with the normal release process. All feature updates must be forward compatible, and breaking changes can only be published in the breaking change window *(Ignite sprint or Build sprint)*.
- PATCH version is upgraded for hotfixes through the hotfix release process.

## Life Cycle

> ### Relase States

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Release States
```

> Azure CLI differs from the [three life cycles](https://docs.microsoft.com/learn/modules/describe-service-life-cycle-microsoft-365/2-private-public-general-availability) of an Azure Service.  CLI only uses two states, **GA** (Generally Available) and **Preview**, making it easier to understand and maintain.

Reviewer: We also have an `experimental` status used by both command groups, reference commands and parameters, correct?  

Can this information be added to the [Overview: Azure CLI terminology and support levels](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/reference-types-and-status?view=azure-cli-latest) article?  /or/ I can put in a "For more information see [this GitHub file](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cli/pull/24451/files)".

The target audience for this doc is (??) internal Microsoft service teams creating CLI source code?

Reviewer 2: Good point, @zhoxing-ms, do we need to add experimental states for this? 

We should look at the layout of that and decide where this content should go. @dbradish-microsoft, feel free to set up a PR to get it started and we can discuss there. 

This audience is partners developing extensions and Deeply technical CLI users diving into the CLI to test and understand more.

Author: @dbradish-microsoft This is a good question! In fact, our team have discussed to deprecate the `is_experimental` flag. 
Because the role of `is_experimental` and `is_preview` are very similar, it is difficult for developers to distinguish which one should be used, and customters are often confused about their differences. 
Therefore, we plan to deprecate it, so as to make CLI release states become clearer, simpler and easier to understand

Reviewer: @zhoxing-ms I am very much in favor of dropping the concept of an `experimental` status as I feel we should align with Azure having `public preview`, `preview` and `GA`.  `experimental` should become `public preview`, or we don't have a 3rd status at all.

@chasewilson, Regarding the target audience, developers creating extensions should expect documentation in GitHub.  Technical CLI users, however, I'd like to keep in MicrosoftDocs.

Author: @dbradish-microsoft Yes, the life states of CLI corresponds to the three states of Azure Service roughly as follows: *(this is roughly because the states of CLI commands are not always the same as api-version states)*
1. private preview: only build private packages, not publish them
2. public preview: add `is_preview` flag
3. GA: GA

    - Preview features and commands need to be tagged with the [is_preview](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cli/blob/dev/doc/authoring_command_modules/authoring_commands.md#preview-commands-and-arguments) flag to let customers know about instability.
    - It is generally recommended to put the preview features into CLI extension first and migrate it to official CLI after they are stable and GA. We can also consider moving some preview features from official CLI to CLI extensions if they are proper for moving.

### States Transition

#### Preview to GA
Generally, if the service is stable and the design of the commands will not change, we are confident that these commands will not cause breaking changes in the future, then we can remove the `is_preview` flag and GA those commands.

#### GA to Preview

> For the official CLI, it is generally not allowed to downgrade from GA to Preview, because the GA state means that the stability of commands has been promised to customers, and new instability cannot be introduced by downgrade to Preview. Moreover, since Azure CLI is an all-in-one package, users usually upgrade directly to the latest version of CLI. If users skip the intermediate version with those feature downgraded to Preview and directly upgrade to the latest version that has breaking changes, it will make a terrible experience for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the official CLI, it is generally not allowed to downgrade from GA to Preview, because the GA state means that the stability of commands has been promised to customers, and new instability cannot be introduced by downgrading to Preview. Moreover, since Azure CLI is an all-in-one package, users usually upgrade directly to the latest version of CLI. If users skip the intermediate version with features having been downgraded to Preview and directly upgrade to the latest version that has breaking changes, it will make a confusing and frustrating experience for them.
```

### Relationship with api-version

At present, CLI sets the api-version according to the Resource Provider granularity, and there are corresponding configurations for different profiles. For most commands, we do not support customers to specify the requested api-version.

- For the GA api-version, if the command itself determines the final design, then we usually make the implemented command also in the GA state.

- For the public preview api-version, the situation is relatively complicated, and we usually divide it into the following cases:

>     - if those features are newly onboard RPs, command groups or extensions, we usually mark them as `is_preview`. 

Reviewer: Please consider numbering the cases to distinguish them from the bullet points above and below (don't rely solely on the indent). 
```suggestion
    1. if those features are newly onboard RPs, command groups or extensions, we usually mark them as `is_preview`. 
```

>     - If there are some existing commands under these RPs, but only the new features need to be released through the preview api-version, and we need to add some new commands or parameters to support them, then we need to upragde to the preview api-version and only mark `is_preview` on those new commands and parameters, while the existing commands and parameters remain in the GA state. We still need to ensure that the existing commands and parameters are stable without breaking changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. If there are some existing commands under these RPs, but only the new features need to be released through the preview api-version, and we need to add some new commands or parameters to support them, then we need to upragde to the preview api-version and only mark `is_preview` on those new commands and parameters, while the existing commands and parameters remain in the GA state. We still need to ensure that the existing commands and parameters are stable without breaking changes.
```

>     - Due to the higher flexibility of CLI extension, we plan to make the release status of extension consistent with the api-version status: if the api-version is preview, the whole extension should be in preview. And we need to add "preview" suffix in extension version number *(comply with [pep-0440](https://peps.python.org/pep-0440/))* to prevent customers from upgrading to preview version automatically. We will add support for `az extension add` and `az upgrade` to allow customers to install/upgrade to stable version as default behavior and to install/upgrade to preview version by specifying extra parameter in the future. 

Author: ```suggestion
    - Due to the higher flexibility of CLI extension, we want customers to use the stable api-version for extension by default, so we plan to make the release status of extension consistent with the api-version status: if the api-version is preview, the whole extension should be in preview. And we need to add "preview" suffix in extension version number *(comply with [pep-0440](https://peps.python.org/pep-0440/))* to prevent customers from upgrading to preview version automatically. We will add support for `az extension add` and `az upgrade` to allow customers to install/upgrade to stable version as default behavior and to install/upgrade to preview version by specifying extra parameter in the future. 
```

>     - Due to the higher flexibility of CLI extension, we want customers to use the stable extension version by default, so we plan to make the release state of extension consistent with the api-version state: if the api-version is preview, the whole extension should be in preview state. And we need to add "preview" suffix in extension version number *(comply with [pep-0440](https://peps.python.org/pep-0440/))* to prevent customers from upgrading to preview version automatically. We will add support for `az extension add` and `az upgrade` to allow customers to install/upgrade to stable version as default behavior and to install/upgrade to preview version by specifying extra parameter in the future. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Due to the higher flexibility of CLI extension, we want customers to use the stable extension version by default, so we plan to make the release state of extension consistent with the api-version state: if the api-version is preview, the whole extension should be in preview state. And we need to add "preview" suffix in extension version number *(comply with [pep-0440](https://peps.python.org/pep-0440/))* to prevent customers from upgrading to preview version automatically. We will add support for `az extension add` and `az upgrade` to allow customers to install/upgrade to stable version as default behavior and to install/upgrade to preview version by specifying extra parameter in the future. 
```

- For the private preview api-version, we generally do not recommend release those private features in official CLI/CLI extension, so as to avoid premature exposure of private features. It is suggested to use [edge build](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cli/blob/dev/doc/try_new_features_before_release.md) to build the private packages to meet the urgent needs of some customers first.

Since the release states of api-version and CLI commands may be inconsistent, we hope that customers only need to pay attention to the release states *(`is_preview` flag)* of the command itself, rather than the api-version used behind it, which will be easier for customers to understand and use it.

## Breaking Changes

### What is a breaking change

A breaking change is any update to Azure CLI, including official CLI and CLI extensions, that causes a customer's script or automation written in a previous version to fail.
Common examples of breaking changes include:
- Modifying names of parameters/commands.
- Modifying input logic of parameters.
- Modifying the format or properties of result output.
- Modifying the current behavior model.
- Adding additional verification that changes CLI behavior.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removing parameters/commands
```

However, there are special cases where breaking changes need to be released as soon as possible. In the following cases, a breaking change to a command or feature **doesn't** need to wait for the next breaking change release cycle and can be released as soon as the change is ready.

- A critical bug is affecting customers and requires a hot fix.
- A security patch is required. 
- A service-side breaking change requires an Azure CLI adjustment to avoid customer interruption.

### Planning for breaking changes

- You can view our [Upcoming Breaking Changes](https://learn.microsoft.com/cli/azure/upcoming-breaking-changes) doc to view the upcoming major breaking changes planned for the next breaking change release cycle.
- Azure CLI places in-tool warning messages in relevant commands when breaking changes are planned in the future. Paying attention to these warnings will keep you informed about major changes to a command or feature. 

> 

Reviewer: @zhoxing-ms / @chasewilson , how are we instructing the Azure service teams, who own their own CLI, to communicate breaking changes with us?  
1. How many months/days out must they notify us?  
2. Can this document state that the engineering teams are responsible for coordinating doc changes with me?  (It's best if they take ownership of the doc updates themselves, but I'm monthly running queries and making work items to **react** to breaking changes.  I'd like to change this to a **proactive** state.  If the engineering teams would reach out to me, I could tell them what docs in [x] number of repos have the deprecated item.)
3. How are we stopping breaking changes between cycles?

Author: These are good questions, but in fact, the content about how to cooperate with the service team will not be published to customers. 
We have an internal document to describe these questions. Please refer to document [breaking change doc](https://msazure.visualstudio.com/DefaultCollection/One/_git/AzureCLITools-Wiki?path=/src/teams_docs/azcli_docs/breaking_changes.md&version=GBmain&_a=preview) for more details

Author: > How are we stopping breaking changes between cycles?

At present, our PR reviewer checks the PR before merging it. In the future, we will consider developing breaking change tool to help us detect breaking changes in the PR phase.

## Versioning

The Azure CLI follows [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) for version numbering. The CLI version consists of three parts `MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH`:

> - MAJOR version is upgraded only when there is a huge revolution, such as the core changes that will break commands' behavior globally.

Author: Because the actual situation of CLI and the definition of `Semantic Versioning` are not exactly the same, For example, CLI upragde different versions for normal bugfix and special hotfix, and the major version has only been upgraded once in the history, which are different from `Semantic Versioning`.

> - MAJOR version is upgraded only when there is a huge revolution, such as the core changes that will break commands' behavior globally.

Author: I'd like to make the versioning description more suitable for the actual situation of CLI. Do you think I need to change `The Azure CLI follows Semantic Versioning for version numbering` to `The Azure CLI refers to Semantic Versioning, but has it's unique rules for version numbering`?

> - MAJOR version is upgraded only when there is a huge revolution, such as the core changes that will break commands' behavior globally.

Reviewer 3: I think that either the tool follows semver or not. If it does not, then you need to explain the logic behind each version change and argument with examples.

- MINOR version is upgraded for new features with the normal release process. All feature updates must be forward compatible, and breaking changes can only be published in the breaking change window *(Ignite sprint or Build sprint)*.
- PATCH version is upgraded for hotfixes through the hotfix release process.

## Life Cycle

### Release States

> Azure CLI differs from the [three life cycles](https://docs.microsoft.com/learn/modules/describe-service-life-cycle-microsoft-365/2-private-public-general-availability) of an Azure Service.  CLI only uses two states, **GA** (Generally Available) and **Preview**, making it easier to understand and maintain.

Author: Good suggestion! I am looking for the document that can be referenced for Azure services. If you find the appropriate document, please feel free to let me know~

> - The **GA** state means that a feature is mature, stable, available to all customers, and has formal support. A GA feature must be forward compatible and not prone to cause breaking changes.

Author: Yes, so our description is `not prone to cause breaking changes`, because it is less prone to breaking change than `Preview`. Do you think this expression is not accurate enough?

### Relationship with api-version

At present, CLI sets the api-version according to the Resource Provider granularity, and there are corresponding configurations for different profiles. For most commands, we do not support customers to specify the requested api-version.

- For the GA api-version, if the command itself determines the final design, then we usually make the implemented command also in the GA state.

- For the public preview api-version, the situation is relatively complicated, and we usually divide it into the following cases:
    1. If those features are newly onboard RPs, command groups or extensions, we usually mark them as `is_preview`. 
    2. If there are some existing commands under these RPs, but only the new features need to be released through the preview api-version, and we need to add some new commands or parameters to support them, then we need to upragde to the preview api-version and only mark `is_preview` on those new commands and parameters, while the existing commands and parameters remain in the GA state. We still need to ensure that the existing commands and parameters are stable without breaking changes.

>     3. Due to the higher flexibility of CLI extension, we want customers to use the stable extension version by default, so we plan to make the release state of extension consistent with the api-version state: if the api-version is preview, the whole extension should be in preview state. And we need to add "preview" suffix in extension version number *(comply with [pep-0440](https://peps.python.org/pep-0440/))* to prevent customers from upgrading to preview version automatically. We will add support for `az extension add` and `az upgrade` to allow customers to install/upgrade to stable version as default behavior and to install/upgrade to preview version by specifying extra parameter in the future. 

Author: Good question~ At present, this item is only in our long-term plan list, and there is no clear implementation time, so the description of implementation time is vague. The reason for writing it in advance is to answer some questions raised by Jeffrey Richter before
Yes, it will apply to all extensions

- For the private preview api-version, we usually do not recommend release those private features in core CLI/CLI extension, so as to avoid premature exposure of private features. It is suggested to use [edge build](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cli/blob/dev/doc/try_new_features_before_release.md) to build the private packages to meet the urgent needs of some customers first.

> Since the release states of api-version and CLI commands may be inconsistent, we hope that customers only need to pay attention to the release states *(`is_preview` flag)* of the command itself, rather than the api-version used behind it, which will be easier for customers to understand and use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the release states of api-version and CLI commands may be inconsistent, our intent is for customers to only have to pay attention to the release states *(`is_preview` flag)* of the command itself, rather than the api-version used behind it.  This will be easier for customers to understand.
```

## Breaking Changes

### What is a breaking change

> A breaking change is any update to Azure CLI, including core CLI and CLI extensions, that causes a customer's script or automation written in a previous version to fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A breaking change is any update to Azure CLI, including core CLI and CLI extensions, that causes a customer's script or automation, written in a previous version, to fail.
```

Common examples of breaking changes include:
- Modifying names of parameters/commands.
- Modifying input logic of parameters.
- Modifying the format or properties of result output.
- Modifying the current behavior model.
- Adding additional verification that changes CLI behavior.

> - Removing parameters/commands

Author: Personally, I think `Adding required parameters` and `Changing the type of parameter input` belong to `Modifying input logic of parameters.`, and `Changing default value` belongs to ` Modifying the current behavior model`. 
I just wanted to give a few typical and abstract examples, do we need to describe the situation more specifically here?

> - Removing parameters/commands

Author: I think it's good to add these typical examples, the above comments just to tell you my previous thoughts

All breaking changes for commands will be marked as **\[BREAKING CHANGE\]** in [release notes](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/release-notes-azure-cli).

### When do breaking changes occur

Azure CLI has bi-annual breaking change releases coinciding with Microsoft **Build** and **Ignite** events. Azure CLI **generally** releases the breaking changes **only** in these two breaking change windows. This approach allows customers to maintain stability, especially in automation scenarios, while keeping up-to-date with the latest and most secure versions of Azure CLI. It also allows customers to plan, test, and migrate Azure CLI commands and features properly when breaking changes are released.

> However, there are special cases where breaking changes need to be released as soon as possible. In the following cases, a breaking change to a command or feature **doesn't** need to wait for the next breaking change release cycle and can be released as soon as the change is ready.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
However, under the following circumstances, breaking changes cannot wait the next breaking change release and we will proceed with an out of band breaking change release. We will notify about this change as early as possible in the [upcoming breaking changes](https://learn.microsoft.com/cli/azure/upcoming-breaking-changes) page:
```

- A critical bug is affecting customers and requires a hot fix.

> - A security patch is required. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- A security or data loss related fix is required. 
```

Author: I'd like to ask what the `data` in `data loss related fix` refers to? Is it the loss of customer's business data or the loss of the Telemetry data we collected or the loss of customer traffic?

Reviewer 3: customer loosing their data due to the client tools.

Author: Got it, thanks~
